Add train link for models/intel/machine-translation (#3569)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/machine-translation-nar-de-en-0002/README.md

## Use Case and High-Level Description

> This is a Deutsch-English machine translation model based on non-autoregressive Transformer topology. The model is [trained](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/tree/089de2f24667329a58e8560ed4e01ef203e99def/misc/pytorch_toolkit/machine_translation) on a custom dataset which isn't publicly available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Deutsch-English machine translation model based on non-autoregressive Transformer topology. The model is [trained](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/training_extensions/tree/089de2f24667329a58e8560ed4e01ef203e99def/misc/pytorch_toolkit/machine_translation) on internal dataset.
```

Reviewer: please apply for others

Author: Applied
